The project on comic books that we have done involved scraping a database then we moved on to explore the relationship between how many comics were produced per year. What we found were some interesting spikes in comic books being released around what I theorize to be around the times that the Batman Movies produced by Christopher Nolan in 2005. That was right about where the rise began. The importance of these findings when it comes to other digital projects on comic books is that I have had an incredibly hard time finding other projects that worked with comic books from a macroscope. The research appears to be mainly about studying comic books from a smaller view like looking at the writing style and the illustrators.

One conversation on digitalhumanities.org, Introduction: Comics and the Digital Humanities, discussed the introduction of a Critical Inquiry devoted to "Comics and Media". This was done in comic style and one of the subjects the author of the article about this creation touches on was the price of this comic apparently there is an issue where the University of Chicago Press lists the price of the physical book as 30 dollars and amazon.com is selling the book for 28.50 dollars. Now although this does not help our project it does bring up something that is important for the project we are working on. We have gathered a large quantity of data but we need to be wary if we ever use this data to explore prices. We could still work with the information of price listed on the covers of the comics. However we should be cautious of any other prices that are listed that are not the cost printed on the cover of the comic book.

After much struggle finding relevant projects or even mentions of the study of comic books in the manor our group has chosen I did a google search on “Comic Book Studies”. This search turned up an interesting result in the form of: http://www.comicssociety.org/. The Comic Studies Society defines the study of comic books as: “CSS defines comics studies liberally to include the study and critical analysis of comics strips; comic books, papers, and magazines; albums, graphic novels, and other graphic books; webcomics and other electronic formats; single-panel cartoons, including editorial and gag cartoons; caricature; animation; and other related forms and traditions. All types of sequential art, graphic narrative, and cartooning are relevant to our mission.” This definition still encompasses our project but at the same time the way in which it is written seems to favor very heavily the field of close reading and analyzing single comics or comparing a few comics rather than looking at a large database while taking a step back.

The only other thing I have really come across so far are some websites like http://www.comichron.com that have information on statistics of comic in general sold. However it appears at surface level to not go as in depth into one type of comic at all as we have done in this project. Overall it appears that there is a huge lack of research into the macroscope of comics. I am sure that companies are collecting this data to better themselves but it is fascinating that researchers have not explored these opportunities. It appears that television and movies has a huge impact on the creation of new comic books from my opinion at what my group has discovered in one of the illustrations. However that is simply a guess at why the comic book release dates spiked at certain times. At the very least this is something we need to further investigate.
