Initial findings

From the data scraped by our group leader he was able to make a fascinating visualization. He plugged in the number of comics and on the other axis he put in the years they were released. This graph is comparing the actual amount of individual titles that were released. We are not actually exploring the number of batman comics as a whole that were released.  What we found were some amazing peaks. It seemed like there were some peaks in the 1990’s that possibly could be related to the animated tv shows and the movies of that time. The most fascinating jump in comics being released occurred from 2006 to about 2013 the comics released in 2006 numbered about 5. However, by 2013 the number of comics released was approximately 113. That is an insane jump when before this the most comics released in one year was about 22 or 23 in 1997. One possibility that this sudden rise could be attributed to is the new movies by Christopher Nolan that begun 2005. This theory involves the thinking that possibly people became enthralled by batman again and this sparked a resurgence in comic purchases which caused comic book creators to start producing more comics than before. 108 new titles and series were released in just 7 years. The other factor that contributed to this jump in new titles was the New 52 event by DC in which the company decided to start to redo the DC Universe. This event started in 2011 and led up to the DC rebirth in 2016. We appear to be entering an interesting period. Will the comic book titles keep flowing for batman or is this where the series will slow back down and only get new original titles upwards of 20 or so a year moving on. According to the graph the individual comic book titles for batman number over 80 since 2012 to the present 2017. This presents a wonderful starting point for further research. We could even look to see if the reason for this rise in the numbers on individual titles has to do with creators making new titles just for crossovers which possibly older creators did not do. Is there some modern day phenomenon happening with comic books. Further research will be needed for that to be answered.
